To run this product seamlessly on a brand new computer without errors, you need a matching Python runtime environment and a set of open-source frameworks.

Here is the complete breakdown of the environment, tools, frameworks, and setup commands you need.

🏗️ Frameworks and Tools Used
Your application relies on a modern, decoupled architecture split into three main layers:

1. Core Application Frameworks
FastAPI: A high-performance, asynchronous web framework used to build your production-grade Backend API endpoints.

Uvicorn: A lightning-fast ASGI server implementation used to run and host your FastAPI backend application code.

Streamlit: A powerful frontend framework designed to turn data scripts into clean, interactive web interfaces entirely in Python.

2. Artificial Intelligence and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
Ollama: A local model orchestration tool that allows you to host and run large language models and embedding pipelines completely offline on your own machine.

LangChain Communities (langchain-community, langchain-ollama): A modular framework used to manage vector indexing, load embedding models, and pass data context to chat systems.

FAISS (Facebook AI Similarity Search): An ultra-fast, lightweight vector library used to store textual data representations as multidimensional math vectors on your hard drive to enable semantic matching.

BeautifulSoup (bs4): A web-scraping package utilized by the app as an automated backup engine to query and extract public directory listings when internal database records are clean out of hits.

3. Database and Security Utilities
SQLite3: A lightweight, self-contained SQL database engine bundled directly with Python, used to house relational structures for workers, customer lists, and transaction review scores.

Bcrypt: A secure hashing library used to turn raw string passwords into complex, irreversible cryptographic strings before committing them to the database.

PyJWT: A security convention used to issue JSON Web Tokens (JWT) upon successful worker authentication, locking down profile modification routes against unauthorized manipulation.

🛠️ Step 1: System Prerequisites for a New PC
Before running any Python packages, a new computer must have these two foundational tools installed:

Python (Version 3.10 or 3.11 recommended): Make sure to check the box that says "Add Python to PATH" during the installation process.

Ollama: Download and install it from the official website. Once installed, open your command terminal and pull down your required models:

Bash
ollama pull nomic-embed-text
ollama pull llama3
📦 Step 2: The Unified Pip Installation Command
Open your command prompt or terminal on the new computer, navigate to your project directory, and execute this complete installation string to install all framework layers at once:

Bash
pip install fastapi uvicorn streamlit langchain-community langchain-ollama faiss-cpu beautifulsoup4 bcrypt pyjwt python-dotenv
⚙️ Step 3: Verifying the Run Sequence
To guarantee execution on the new device without path errors, execute your architecture in this exact sequence:

Create a .env file containing your cryptographic signature:

Plaintext
SECRET_KEY=put_any_long_random_string_here
Launch your background API layer:

Bash
uvicorn backend:app --reload --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8000
Open a second terminal window pane and launch your user interface portal:

Bash
streamlit run frontend.py